:recycle: restructure addition docs (#145)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/addition/instance-requirements.adoc

Thus, if this value is set too high, the queries you want to monitor might not get logged. 
Setting this value to zero will log every query.

[[server_log_config]]
=== Finding out the location of server log configuration (server-logs.xml)

> The location of server log configuration file is configured in `neo4j.conf` (see documentation on link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/configuration/configuration-settings/#config_server.logs.config[server.logs.config] configuration setting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The location of server log configuration file is configured in `neo4j.conf` (see documentation on link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/configuration/configuration-settings/#config_server.logs.config[Operations Manual -> server.logs.config] configuration setting).
```

The currently effective location of server log configuration can be found out using the following Cypher query:

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
./cypher-shell "CALL dbms.listConfig() YIELD name, value WHERE name='server.logs.config' RETURN value"
----

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Check that the server log configuration exists, otherwise NOM agent will not be able to add query log collection configuration to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the server log configuration exists, otherwise NOM agent will not be able to add query log collection configuration to it.
```
